# Lemmy

This is a demography of the population of Greenland including population density, ethnicity, economic status, religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. The population pyramid of Greenland was highly impacted by a birth control program conducted by Danish authorities in the 1960s and 70s.

The politics of Ecuador are multi-party. The central government polity is a quadrennially elected presidential, unicameral representative democracy.

Group of electrical connectors specifically aligned
A backplane or backplane system is a group of electrical connectors in parallel with each other, so that each pin of each connector is linked to the same relative pin of all the other connectors, forming a computer bus. It is used to connect several printed circuit boards together to make up a ***complete computer*** system. Backplanes commonly use a printed circuit board, but wire-wrapped backplanes have also been used in minicomputers and high-reliability applications.

1933 Pre-Code adventure horror monster film ***by Merian*** C. Cooper and Ernest B.

American figure skater (born 1971)
Kristine Tsuya Yamaguchi (born July 12, 1971) is an American former competitive figure skater, author and philanthropist. A former competitor in women's ***singles, Yamaguchi is the*** 1992 Olympic champion, a two-time World champion (1991 and 1992), and the 1992 U. S.

Tall African hoofed mammal
The giraffe is a large African hoofed mammal belonging to the genus Giraffa. It is the tallest living terrestrial animal and the largest ruminant on Earth.

Higher education institution operated by or for the military
A military academy or service academy is an educational institution which prepares candidates for service in the officer corps.

Science involved *with the* study, design, and manufacturing of airflight-capable machines
Aeronautics is the science or art involved with the study, design, and manufacturing of air flight-capable machines, and the techniques of operating aircraft and rockets within the atmosphere. While the term originally referred solely to "operating" the aircraft, it has since been expanded to include technology, business, and other aspects related to aircraft.

20th-century architectural and art style
Art Deco, short for the French (lit.

Italian sculptor (1901–1980)
Marino Marini (27 February 1901 – 6 August 1980) was an Italian sculptor and educator. Biography.

German disco group
Boney M. is a German reggae, funk and disco music group founded in 1974. It achieved popularity during the disco era in the second half of the 1970s.

British writer, theologian, and literary critic (1886-1945)
Charles Walter Stansby Williams (20 September 1886 – 15 May 1945) was an English poet, novelist, playwright, theologian and literary critic. Most of his life was spent in London, where he was born, but in 1939 he moved to Oxford with the university press for which he worked until his death. Early life and education.

The history of Christianity began with the life of Jesus, an itinerant Jewish preacher and teacher, who was crucified in Jerusalem c.

