# Apollo 12

English Tudor warship (1511–1545)
The Mary Rose was a carrack in the English Tudor navy of King Henry VIII. She was launched in 1511 and served for 34 years in several wars against France, Scotland, and Brittany.

**American space** opera television series (1994–1998)
Babylon 5 is an American space opera television series created by writer and producer J. Michael Straczynski, under the Babylonian Productions label, in association with Straczynski's Synthetic Worlds Ltd. and Warner Bros.

Institution of the European Union
The Council of the European Union, often referred to in the treaties and other official documents simply as the Council, and less formally known as the Council of Ministers, is the third of the seven institutions of the European Union (EU) as listed in the Treaty on European Union. It is one of two legislative bodies and together with the European Parliament serves to amend and approve, or veto, the proposals of the European Commission, which holds the right of initiative.

Military of the Republic of Cameroon
The Cameroon Armed Forces () are the military of the Republic of Cameroon. The armed forces number 40,000 personnel in ground, air, and naval forces. There are approximately 40,000 troops in the army across three military regions.

**Regular activity** done for enjoyment
 
A hobby is considered to be a regular activity that is done for enjoyment, typically during one's leisure time.

* <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css"
* How is it between you and me
* A few sections of track are used by both
* His career flourished
* Mount Olive

