# Monica Lewinsky

Belgian breed of beef cattle
The Belgian Blue (, , both literally meaning "Belgian White-Blue") is a breed of beef cattle from Belgium. It may also be known as the ,95 or (literally "fat buttocks" in Dutch). Alternative names for this breed include Belgian Blue-White; Belgian White and Blue Pied; Belgian White Blue; Blue; and Blue Belgian.

American anatomist, surgeon, and educator (1818–1892)
David Hayes Agnew (November 24, 1818 – March 22, 1892) was an American surgeon, anatomist, and educator. During the American Civil War he worked as a surgeon at Satterlee General Hospital, Hestonville Military Hospital, and as consulting surgeon to a staff of 47 resident physicians at Mower General Hospital in Philadelphia.

#### Koi

### Abraham Joshua Heschel

British chemist and inventor (1778–1829)
Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet (17 December 1778 – 29 May 1829) was a British chemist and inventor who invented the Davy lamp and a very early form of arc lamp. He is also remembered for isolating, by using electricity, several elements for the first time: potassium and sodium in 1807 and calcium, strontium, barium, magnesium and boron the following year, as well as for discovering the elemental nature of chlorine and iodine. Davy also studied the forces involved in these separations, inventing the new field of electrochemistry.

Appendix (pl.

Family of primates
Lorisidae (or sometimes Loridae) is a family of strepsirrhine primates. The lorisids are all slim arboreal animals and comprise the lorises, pottos, and angwantibos.

1979–1990 anti-Marxist Nicaraguan rebels
In the history of Nicaragua, the Contras (Spanish: "La contrarrevolución", the counter-revolution) were the right-wing militias who waged anti-communist guerilla warfare (1979–1990) against the Marxist governments of the Sandinista National Liberation Front and the Junta of National Reconstruction, which came to power after the Nicaraguan Revolution in 1979. Months after the political dynasty (1936–1979) of the Somoza family lost the Nicaraguan Revolution to the Sandinistas, the US government sponsored the remaining national-guard soldiers and Somocista politicians of the losing side as "la Contra", the right-wing counter-revolution. The American military assistance and financial aid granted the Contras a measure of political credibility and military utility as anti-communist militias useful to U.

### Politics of Malta

Unrecognized state in North America (1861–1865)
The Confederate States of America (CSA), commonly referred to as the Confederate States (C. S. ), the Confederacy, or the *South, was* an unrecognized breakaway republic in the Southern United States from 1861 to 1865.

* Augen gneiss
* This implies that convexity
* The diocese has two church museums-
* Mathematical Games
* Species lifespan
* However, disjunctive constructions including
* Frequently, the diagnosis is based on

Abercarn is a town **and community** in Caerphilly county borough, Wales.

* Who was that Katherine
* (There is much controversy regarding the apprenticeship of Antonio Stradivari
* (2021) analyzed present-day

Elector of Brandenburg 1486 to 1499
John II (2 August 1455 – 9 January 1499) was Elector of Brandenburg from 1486 until his death, the fourth of the House of Hohenzollern.

