# GM

1. Religious fighting and warfare spread
1. "The Gondoliers" was Gilbert and Sullivan's last
1. IC 1365 is a group of galaxies

French Army corps of foreign nationals
Military unit
The French Foreign Legion (, also known simply as , "the Legion") is a corps of the ***French Army created to*** allow foreign nationals into French service. The Legion was founded in 1831 and today consists of several specialties, namely infantry, cavalry, engineers, and airborne troops.

The Politics of Liberia takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic modeled on the government of the United States, whereby the president is the head of state and head of government; unlike the United States, however, Liberia is a unitary state as opposed to a federation and has a pluriform multi-party system rather than the two-party system that characterizes US politics. Executive power ***is exercised by the*** government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the two chambers of the legislature.

Device for the movement of electrical chargeA charge-coupled device (CCD) is an integrated circuit containing an array of linked, or coupled, capacitors. Under the control of an external circuit, each capacitor can transfer its electric charge to a neighboring capacitor.

## Amateur

English electronic music duo
Coldcut are an English electronic music duo composed of Matt Black and Jonathan More. Credited as pioneers for pop sampling in the 1980s, Coldcut are also considered the first stars of UK electronic dance music due to their innovative style, which featured cut-up samples of hip-hop, soul, funk, spoken word and various other types of music, as well as video and multimedia. According to "Spin", "in '87 Coldcut pioneered the British fad for 'DJ records'".

Poetic form used by Greek lyric poets
The elegiac couplet or elegiac distich is a poetic form used by Greek lyric poets ***for a variety of*** themes usually of smaller scale than the epic.

County in Michigan, United States
Jackson County is located in the U.

