# Ketene

Machine gun adaptable for several light and medium roles
A general-purpose machine gun (GPMG) is an air-cooled, usually belt-fed machine gun that can be adapted flexibly to various tactical roles for light and medium machine guns.

Algebraic structure
In mathematics, a finite field or Galois field (so-named in honor of Évariste Galois) is a field that contains a finite number ***of elements.*** As with any field, a finite field is a set on which the operations of multiplication, addition, subtraction and division are defined and satisfy certain basic rules. The most common examples of finite fields are the integers mod formula_1 when formula_1 is a prime number.

Capital and most populous city of Russia
Moscow is the capital and largest city of Russia, standing on the Moskva River in Central Russia. It has a population estimated at over 13 million residents within the city limits, over 19. 1 million residents in the urban area, and over 21.

GNU replacement for the Bourne shell
In computing, Bash (short for "Bourne Again SHell",) is an interactive command interpreter and command programming language developed for ***UNIX-like operating systems.*** Created in 1989 by Brian Fox for the GNU Project, it is supported by the Free Software Foundation and designed as a 100% free alternative for the Bourne shell (codice_1) and other proprietary Unix shells. Since its inception, Bash has gained widespread adoption and is commonly used as the default login shell for numerous Linux distributions.

Upper house of the UK Parliament
The House of Lords is the upper house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Like the lower house, the House of Commons, it meets in the Palace of Westminster in London, England. One of the oldest extant institutions in the world, its origins lie in the early 11th century and the emergence of bicameralism in the 13th century.

Script used to write Punjabi language
Gurmukhī ( , ) is an abugida developed from the Laṇḍā scripts, standardized and used by the second Sikh guru, Guru Angad (1504–1552).

American actress (1964–1999)
Dana Michelle Plato (née Strain; November 7, 1964 – May 8, 1999) was an American actress.

Nissan's budget automobile marque; formerly Nissan's export market marque
Datsun (, ) was a Japanese automobile manufacturer brand owned by Nissan. Datsun's original production run began in 1931. From 1958 to 1986, only vehicles exported by Nissan were identified as Datsun.

Cognitive or an emotional experience
Guilt is a moral emotion that occurs when a person believes or realizes—accurately or not—that they have compromised their **own standards** of conduct or have violated universal moral standards and bear significant responsibility for that violation. Guilt is closely related to the concepts of remorse, regret, and shame. Guilt is an important factor in perpetuating obsessive–compulsive disorder symptoms.

In mathematics, with negligible exceptions
In mathematics, the term "almost all" means "all but a negligible quantity". More precisely, if formula_1 is a set, "almost all elements of formula_1" means "all elements of formula_1 but those in a negligible subset of formula_1". The meaning of "negligible" depends on the mathematical context; for instance, it can mean finite, countable, or null.

Alph may refer to:
See also. Topics referred to by the same term
<templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.

