# Isotropy

* Eisenhower ordered U.S
* Bengali poem "Birpurush"
* Sumerian poems
* Also, more
* However, they have not

### Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States

Words in two languages that sound similar but have very different meanings
In linguistics, a false friend is a word in a different language that looks or sounds similar to a word in a given language, but differs significantly in meaning. Examples of false friends include English "embarrassed" and Spanish ('pregnant'); English "parents" versus Portuguese and Italian (the latter two both meaning 'relatives'); English "demand" and French ('ask'); and English "gift", German ('poison'), and Norwegian (both 'married' and 'poison'). The term was introduced by a French book, ("False friends: or, the betrayals of English vocabulary"), published in 1928.

American writer (1902–1968)
John Ernst Steinbeck ( ; February 27, 1902 – December 20, 1968) was an American writer. He won the 1962 Nobel Prize in Literature "for his realistic and imaginative writings, combining as they do sympathetic humor and keen social perception". He has been called "a giant of American letters.

Mental disorder that causes periods of depression and abnormally elevated mood
Medical condition<templatestyles src="Template:Infobox/styles-images. css" />
Bipolar disorder (BD), previously known as manic depression, is a mental disorder characterized by periods of depression and periods of abnormally elevated mood that each last from days to weeks, and in some cases months.

### June 21

1. Rainer (Taos Pueblo), Martin Seneca Jr
1. A 3rd-century amphitheatre is still visible
1. Recent macroeconomic performance
1. <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css"
1. A UK tour of this production
1. See and

European royal house of Frankish origin
The Capetian dynasty ( ; ), also known as the House of France (), is a dynasty of Frankish origin, and a branch of the Robertians agnatically, and the Karlings through female lines. It is among the largest and oldest royal houses in Europe and the world, and consists of Hugh Capet, the founder of the dynasty, and his male-line descendants, who ruled in France without interruption from 987 to 1792, and again from 1814 to 1848. The senior line from the House of Capet ruled in France from the election of Hugh Capet in 987 until the death of Charles IV in 1328.

French mathematician (1811–1832)
Évariste Galois (; ; 25 October 1811 – 31 May 1832) was a French mathematician and political activist. While still in his teens, he was able to determine a necessary and sufficient condition for a polynomial to be solvable by radicals, thereby solving a problem that had been open for 350 years. His work laid the foundations for Galois theory and group theory, two major branches of abstract algebra.

American football coach (1931–2007)
William Ernest Walsh (November **30, 1931 –** July 30, 2007) was an American professional and college football coach.

## Derivative

1854 gold miners' revolt in Victoria, Australia
The Eureka Rebellion was a series of events involving gold miners who revolted against the British administration of the colony of Victoria, Australia, during the Victorian gold rush. It culminated in the Battle of the Eureka Stockade, which took place on 3 December 1854 at Ballarat between the rebels and the colonial forces of Australia. The fighting resulted in an official total of 27 deaths and many injuries, the majority of casualties being rebels.

