# Joel Marangella

***German mathematician*** (1906–1993)
Max August Zorn (; June 6, 1906 – March 9, 1993) was a German mathematician.

Persian-speaking ethnic group mainly in Afghanistan
**The Hazaras (; )** are an ethnic group and a principal component of Afghanistan’s population.

1981 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert
God Emperor of Dune is a science fiction novel by American writer Frank Herbert, published in 1981. The fourth in his "Dune" series of six novels, it was ranked as the No. 11 hardcover fiction best seller of 1981 by "Publishers Weekly".

Lightweight two seater roadster
The Mazda MX-5 is a lightweight two-person sports car manufactured and marketed by Mazda. The convertible is marketed as the or in Japan, and as the Mazda Miata () in the United States, and formerly in Canada, where it is now marketed as the MX-5 but is still commonly referred to as "Miata". Manufactured at Mazda's Hiroshima plant, the MX-5 debuted in 1989 at the Chicago Auto Show and was created under the design credo , meaning "oneness of horse and rider".

Transmission of information
Communication is commonly defined as the transmission of information.

Ionic or Ionian may refer to:
<templatestyles src="Template:TOC_right/styles. css" />
See also. Topics referred to by the same term
<templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.

1. They were gassed
1. Despite these
1. The arrival of Thor and the bondage of
1. Some locomotives

Personification of evil
A devil is the mythical personification of evil as it is conceived in various cultures and religious traditions. It is seen as the objectification of a hostile and destructive force. Jeffrey Burton Russell states that the different conceptions of the devil can be summed up as 1) a principle of evil independent from God, 2) an aspect of God, 3) a created being turning ***evil (a "fallen*** angel") or 4) a symbol of human evil.

Japanese syllabic writing systems
 are syllabaries used to write Japanese phonological units, morae. In current usage, "kana" most commonly refers to "hiragana" and "katakana". It can also refer to their ancestor , which were Chinese characters used phonetically to transcribe Japanese (e.

Building designed to be independent from public infrastructure
An autonomous building is a hypothetical building designed to be operated independently from infrastructural support services such as the electric power grid, gas grid, municipal water systems, sewage treatment systems, storm drains, communication services, and in some cases, public roads.

* Little industry exists except
* "Exile II: Crystal Souls"
* <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
* It has been criticized for this
* XYZ Affair

Type of electoral system
Plurality voting refers to electoral systems in which the candidates in an electoral district who poll more than any other (that is, receive a plurality) are elected. Under single-winner plurality voting, and in systems based on single-member districts, plurality voting is called single member [district] plurality (SMP), which is widely known as "first-past-the-post".

Capital and largest city of Indonesia
Jakarta *(; ,* Betawi: "Jakartè"), officially the Special Capital Region of Jakarta (; "DKI Jakarta") and formerly known as Batavia until 1949, is the capital and largest city of Indonesia and an autonomous region at the provincial level.

## Bohr model

